Problem:(Fix #42) Added more instructions and reference to chain-maind cli page in the testnet docs (#52)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/croeseid-testnet.md

$ cat ~/.chain-maind_testnet/config/priv_validator_key.json | jq -r '.pub_key.value'
```

## Step 4. Perform Transactions
### Step 4-1. `query bank balances` - Check your transferable balance

> You can check your _transferable_ balance with the `balance` command under the bank module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check your _transferable_ balance with the `balances ` command under the bank module.
```

:::

### Step 4-3. `tx staking ` - Staking operations

Staking operations involve the interaction between an address and a validator. It allows you to create a validator and lock/unlocking funds for staking purposes.

#### **Delegate you funds to a validator** [`tx staking delegate <validator-addr> <amount>`]

> To bond funds for staking, you can deposit funds (an unspent transaction) to a _staking_ address by the `Deposit` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bond funds for staking, you can delegate funds  to a validator by the `delegate` command
```

Sorry I think there is some  thaler concept left in here: 
https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-docs/blob/master/docs/wallets/cli.md#delegate-you-funds-to-a-validator-tx-staking-delegate-validator-addr-amount

::: details Example: Delegate funds from `Default` to a validator under the address `tcrocncl16k...edcer`

```bash
$ chain-maind tx staking delegate tcrocncl16kqr009ptgken6qsxnzfnyjfsq6q97g3uedcer 100tcro --from Default --chain-id "testnet-croeseid-1"
## Transactions payload##
{"body":{"messages":[{"@type":"/cosmos.staking.v1beta1.MsgDelegate"....}
confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]: y
```

:::

#### **Unbond your delegated funds** [`tx staking unbond <validator-addr> <amount>`]

On the other hand, we can create a `Unbond` transaction to unbond the delegated funds

> ::: details Example: Unbond funds from a staking address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: details Example: Unbond funds from a validator under the address `tcrocncl16k...edcer`
```
